{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red39\green39\blue38;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985\c0;
\cssrgb\c20066\c20066\c19991;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18140\viewh11060\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
---\
title: "Data Science - Project Proposal"\
author: Marine Renaudineau, Daniel Welz & Augustin Oltramare\
date: "17/10/2021"\
output: html_document\
---\
\

\f1\b # Background and motivation\
\

\f0\b0 \
\

\f1\b # Project objectives
\f0\b0 \
\
\cf2 Video surveillance (CCTV) is a technology that is nowadays deeply woven into the everyday life of many people as one tends to expect it in many varied circumstances (Ossola, 2019). Yet, the development of this new technology, is not exempt from any controversy. For instance, many observers claim that the expansion of video surveillance poses an unregulated threat to privacy (ACLU, 2021). Still, many people seem to be willing to accept this loss in privacy as the surge in video surveillance make them 
\f2\i feel
\f0\i0  safer (Madden & Rainie, 2015).\
\
Throughout this research, the widespread belief that people who have \'93nothing to hide" should be content with the expansion of CCTV networks as the latter makes them safer is challenged (Madden & Rainie, 2015). Indeed, on top of the manifold privacy issues linked with this surge in video surveillance systems, one might ask the question wether these camera actually make people safer?\
\cf0 \
On the one hand, \cf3 the ratio\cf3 \cb4 nale behind the installation of these systems seems to be very clear for governments. On Buffalo\'92s open data website, one can read that \'93\cf3 \cb4 the City of Buffalo deploys a real-time, citywide video surveillance system to 
\f2\i augment the public safety efforts of the Buffalo Police Department\'94
\f0\i0 . Yet, on the other one, evidence that this actually works is scarcer.\cf3 \cb1 \
\cf0 \
\

\f1\b # Research questions
\f0\b0 \
\
\cf2 - Does the presence of CCTVs actually deter crime?\
- What types of crimes may be deterred by surveillance camera?\
- Do we observe crime displacement issues caused by the installation of CCTV in some neighbourhoods?\
- \
\cf0 \

\f1\b # Data source
\f0\b0 \
\
All data sets were retrieved on local government open data portals. At the moment, we have 7 data sets. We have data concerning 3 different cities in the United States: Baltimore, Buffalo and Washington DC.\
\

\f1\b # Data description
\f0\b0 \
\

\f1\b # Schedule & timeline
\f0\b0 \
\cf2 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \

\f3\fs24 \
}